# B.E.-Project-Expo-2024
I was the group leader of our Final Year (B.E.) Project. We won the Project Expo 2024 competition organised by Computer Department of Marathwada Mitra Mandal's College of Engineering Pune and were rewarded with a cash prize. We showcased our project titled Travel Buddy: The Ultimate Inclusive Travel Assistant. Travel Buddy is a Large Language Model chatbot fine-tuned on Travel Planning Dataset which works as a travel assistant to help businessmen, students, solo travellers and vacation goers to dynamically plan their travel itineraries using personalised recommendations. It helps users answer all their travel queries in an interactive and conversational manner. It asks follow up questions, can provide up-to-date information with source citations and can augment travel agency platforms' operations or work independently as an all-in-one travel solution. It uses Retrieval Augmented Generation to access external data through a local vector database (using ChromaDB, providing the local LLM (Llama2: 7B) with more context for answering user queries with high relevance, accuracy and perplexity. It implements the ReAct Agent logic (using Langchain) and contains 4 custom tools that allow the LLM to search the internet, search travel websites, search flight details and search booking details to improve the reasoning capabilities of the LLM. It includes an end-to-end continuous voice system (STT and TTS) that can be used by blind people to interact with the chatbot verbally along with a push-to-talk functionality.
